Document WRANGLER_LOG_PATH system environment variable (#22375)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/wrangler/system-environment-variables.mdx

  * Options for Logging levels are `"none"`, `"error"`, `"warn"`, `"info"`, `"log"` and `"debug"`. Levels are case-insensitive and default to `"log"`. If an invalid level is specified, Wrangler will fallback to the default. Logs can include requests to Cloudflare's API, any usage data being collected, and more verbose error logs.

* `WRANGLER_LOG_PATH` <Type text="string" /> <MetaInfo text="optional" />

>   * A file or directory path where Wrangler will write its logs. When specifying a path to a file, the filename must end with `.log`. When specifying a directory or using the default location, a filename with a timestamp is used.

Reviewer: Nit: this not only writes log but it actually writes all the "debug" logs:

```suggestion
  * A file or directory path where Wrangler will write debug logs. When specifying a path to a file, the filename must end with `.log`. When specifying a directory or using the default location, a filename with a timestamp is used.
```

Reviewer: I found the explanation about the extension a bit confusing. Perhaps:

```suggestion
  * A file or directory path where Wrangler will write its logs. If the path ends in `.log` then this is treated as the file to write to; otherwise it is treated as a directory that will contain timestamped files.
```
